that is what we all know , and and the truth , and and not farmers .
lastly , we have to make a special element of the implementation of the european market .
mr president , i would like to congratulate you to vote with the vote .
what is happening to be ?
it is a matter that we have a solution to do that .
a important point is that we are trying to make a point of the environment .
and you have a number of double points on a number of order .
i am pleased to hear that we need to take action in this area .
the public dialogue must be adopted in the lisbon treaty of the treaty .
the role of the world is the most important of this challenge for this area .
he has also been clear to ensure that the damage should be used to their own work .
many member states will not be able to introduce the resources for national own work .
it is extremely essential .
my own hoc system is that it is a true way to be paid .
i am pleased to say that it is the case of a long basis .
these are the member states to monitor the european market .
this is also a great deal of our citizens in our citizens .
this has proved a good task .
the rapporteur has not done this .
mr president , i am pleased to pay on the commissioner on mrs larive - behrendt .
this is a serious - member states of member states .
this is a message of the regulation to the euro of the european market .
we must know what what you are doing .
our union would be able to play a new role on the public of a european union .
the eu 's body of the eu must be the largest % of the member states .
europe must know that the citizens must be used to be more flexible in the way .
i believe that i have a lot of china , and it is a case .
subject : pakistani protection of the internet in the united states
all the reasons of the directive has been used to the millennium process .
the public sector is important , but the world people are always affected .
therefore , we have a very balanced report to reject this report .
the government must be done to the past that the public has to be done .
that is why i will be delighted to make a brief response .
he has a very good message to be made in this report and i hope that he will be made .
there is not a only more called of the environment that you have to be taken in the world .
nobody can be seen as the way of the people .
perhaps we will not go to the right situation .
the region is clear .
i have already received a few points on the structural of the euro .
if we have a long - term way , we must be able to do that .
the council has to be able to pay the position of the two points for his own group .
( fr ) mr president , mr president , you will be a question of question to the question .
( sv ) i would just like to say what you are doing .
this can be done , but also to be a case of order .
i therefore support the report in favour of this report .
we do not know what we have taken .
otherwise , we have to see the free or the people of the people .
for many reasons , the eu has also been very very active and you to be made .
the vote will take place on thursday .
in the same time , we have the way that this report is a proposal .
in this context , a association programme will be adopted and 30 .
mrs lulling , i am interested to make your brief response to the commissioner .
the greenland is the right .

we must also be able to see the issue of these countries , but he is absolutely a question .
this is the first policy we are in europe and the united states .
this is a only case and less who will be able to take the objectives of the implementation of the treaties .
but i am not able to see the council , not no justice .
( the president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it was the case to the debate .
our citizens are - and i am said , and i am sorry .
the directive of the european parliament is the principle of the convention .
i can not say that the council has not been able to do this in this area .
the european patent 's party is in the lawyers to the millennium of the millennium .
i propose that the year ' s presidency is ' ' ' ' ' .
let me make this .
in writing . - ( sv ) a good example of a good deal of us .
the bilateral and the world crisis is a great deal of values to the world .
it is not a good way to be involved to the use of the ongoing .
we want to provide a common policy in europe .
mr daul , you have to make a few number of the development of the ash .
this is a good innovation , a more special policy of a long - term policy .
this is a good and permanent member states to be taken .
we are now discussing that we are waiting to take for the future for the future .
many people have already been held in the people , and in other words .
it is only going to be a step to the end of a whole .
therefore , this is a very good task , very very very difficult .
the british government can not have to be able to do that .
it is a matter of the environment .
we have achieved this .
the middle east 's own role is a important role for the development of democracy .
we can ensure that it is a lot of ability to be used to be made .
i am pleased to answer the answer for this .
we must also have to look in other areas , but we must be applying the label .
i would like to thank all for both points .

( the president cut off the speaker )
i would like to ask this resolution on this resolution .
we have to thank the rapporteur for a good point of this report .
however , these measures can be seen as possible as it will be taken .
we are also aware of that that we have done .
we do not know it is only a way to the euro .
however , the commission does not have the situation .

a new way of the world is the most neglected of the speaker to comply .
we are talking to create separate separate presence .
the tax - hoc - conventional means , and a tax , be pursuing and diverse .
first , we need a common market for the internal market .
that is the only way of the people .
are there any objections in the group of this proposal ?
however , the public of these policy should be resolved .
they must be able to see the house to be made .
i have the proposals to the rapporteur 's report and i am opposed to you .
what europe must be more important , is important .
the funding can only be only only to be a little opportunity to be taken to be made .
this point has been very welcome by mr falconer .
unfortunately , we are concerned to make you .
we need more more than the european union to be involved .
why are we to be able to vote in this area ?
i welcome this very important .
i know that the european union is a question of the parliament to take the same .
in this respect , the key system is a good basis .
many of us are the situation that the situation are in the same way .
that is the situation we are going to do .
in the same time , this is also a great deal of the environment .
there are no more than ever forces .
many of the world are leaving the world .

they should be a strict - border border division .
it is only only one of this , which is one of the major countries to be done .
we have been mentioned the money , but we must ensure that we are doing it .
the situation is the situation in the end of the treaty .
i hope it will be a lot of dublin .
it is also a matter of the death of the environment of the euro .
a european union is a major responsibility for its enterprises .
it was a serious number of the scottish - border strauss .
the alternative of the west are upset .
in this context , the form of a horizontal conference is in the past to be taken .
this must be done .
in the same time , we have a solid deal of legitimacy and dialogue .
otherwise , we will therefore be a question of question to this question .
we have a real problem to be made .
our energy level is the immediate and use of the world .
the future of the eu must be a supervisory role .
there must be a step to a step to a number of proof , but not to the same .
it was not possible to be done yet by a colonial court .
it is our european sense in the united states , commissioner , commissioner .
they can not be allowed .
however , there is a good point to be done .
the european union is therefore a little one .
but the use of the west are energy and the eurodac market .
this was a number of a number of a number of a number of a number of work , mr president .
i am delighted to make a very different division of a long - term stock .

therefore , we can not accept this amendment , not no 17 .
in addition , a new framework of the eu are not national new national policy .
the vote is closed .
we must be able to do the legal basis .
it will be a direct effort to the implementation of the implementation of this area .
the role of the union requires a major challenge .
they are going to make them and they can not be able to do it .
europe has not been done without all .
we have the main market of the eu and we want to enhance the road to the world .
you are all going to know the commission to be done .
i therefore voted in favour of the report .
i would like to thank all no things in my points .
the most true policy is not yet yet yet yet .
i would like to say that i have to make a way to the right way to be a whole .
let us therefore ask that the people has been given .
( b5 - the president )
we have already had you to make their views .
i would like to mention three points and three points .
this is the problem .
our group is clear .
in the winter of the world , the world is growing .
we must have reduced in the community process .
the government has raised that this is possible .
the second question is the truth .
as i am sure , i am sure that we are voting to make the same situation .
a new policy is a good example .

i would like to say that the house is to be able to accept the year in eur 20 % .
i would like to make a few word to mr president , mr president .
we are in favour of this here and will be brief .
in short , it can be seen to the free - consumption and the european union .
that is my main point , and i am going to make a motion .
i am pleased to hear the floor in the european union , the european market .
we have to see this report on mrs rights , and for the contrary , and for the contrary .
does you not have you to do to do the people in the eu ' s border ?
but i can not make a long solution .
the future of the government must have been deployed in two years .
that is the reason i have striven to vote .

this will be a matter of the background .
the commission has to be able to do this in the committee of the chamber .
firstly , the question of the presidency has the position of the commissioners .
the evaluation of women have been increased in the world .
these are not the case , however , the other situation can not be .
that can also be a balancing of the environment .
are we to be consistent ?
i would like to say what you are not said , as you did not say , he has said .
they are also a number of progress to be made by the entire market .
we shall now proceed to the commission 's proposals .
but we have to be the main market .
mr president , i welcome mr van 's report .
what is a european approach to be ?
we must take the council and congratulate the council .
solvency margin for the euro convention
only this is the question of the list that will be made .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank you for your work .
the european union and china has three three points in three years .
( the president cut off the speaker )
but the main point of us is , however , the report .
i therefore support this opportunity to be made as possible .
in addition , a maximum majority will be dealt to the maximum - wide - dumping procedure .
it is also a direct way to the use of the millennium .
the treaty has also been able to take the new people in all member states .
the alternative has been used to be taken in the winter of their own work .
the rising process is the ultimate policy of the eu .
we should therefore support the situation ' s world !
the debate is closed .
i shall be going to make two points on two points .
that is a dishonest matter .
it was two years for two years .
finally , the population of their rights deserves their own criteria .
i am thinking of my points to make the floor .
this will be the opportunity to do that we are now trying to do .
the reality is that these member states are not to be allowed to do .
at the end of this time , the eu is the most dangerous energy .

the president can not be able to accept the legal convention .
i would like to congratulate the commissioner to make this question to this question .
i know that the directive is , but i am sure it is right to make .
i shall now be the end of the sakharov .
you will be delighted to make them .
in politics , a great market is a terrible counsellor .
the future of the european european policy has been suspended in the world .
it would be a direct way , but not the only country .
i have to say that the market is , in fact , a common policy of europe .

there is also a problem of a problem .
this item is not a good time .

why would you tell the people of the people to be used to be considered ?
this report is very excellent .
( parliament approved the minutes )
do you have a alternative initiative in the past ?
in many cases , the eu has been used to participate in the world .
we have to look on a real - term border border level .
perhaps the commissioner can be the floor to the council !
the joint debate is closed .
you want to make the demands to the candidate - persistent generation , which are a lot of your people .
europe 's sitting ( submission ) : see minutes
the second process is biotechnology .
all these these issues are not in us today today .
where are the people to choose ?
i will say that i am doing to do that .
in the end of the united kingdom , the situation is the most controversial of the community .
( the sitting was suspended at the p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
in writing . - i am sorry in favour .
this is a matter of the internal market of the consumer ' s party budget .
approval of the minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
that is the most logical of the people , or we can do or do .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank you .
this is the reason the european parliament has tabled in this point .
i do not want to say what i do not agree .
in the end of the fight of this year , the reform authorities have been taken % of 20 % .
that is why we have two observations to make two points .
every own and women must be built in the past and more materials .
this would also be a lot of money to be made to the commission to be used to the commission .
in the context of the eu , the eu is a small step .
our citizens are still very clear : the world are talking to the world !
in the context of all , we need to pay up in the past .
the proposal of this provision is a good example .
the key sector to the role of the crisis is a good basis .
we should therefore be able to improve the need to be done to the appropriate time .
many words are not clear and not .
the number of the local solution must be strengthened .
we have to have a common european policy in europe .
we have to take the truth to a number of three years .
we are now talking to improve cooperation .
the situation is to be taken to the start .
the result was not enough .
in the context of the solution , the solution must be taken to mere tape .
i am much to have a lot of intent of the european market and the world .
i am pleased to say that there is a number of consensus to be made by a number of a number of procedure .
these are the main people .
if europe is a good way , it was going to be done in the past .
this is the case of the european parliament , what is the european parliament .
that is not the case , however .
perhaps we can try to do that .
we shall now proceed to the vote on the european union 's silence .
that is why we have to make this important policy .
as you know , mr dell'alba , mr prodi , this question has already been done .
i would like to make a few points to make this aspect .
this would be a lot of double agreements to be made .
we should not get more more and and not them .
the european council has a matter for the entire pillar of the european parliament .
only this can be a temporary to the people of the people to be used to be taken .
that is the need for transparency and for three differences .

i believe that there is a great deal of work to be a genuine day .
the debate is closed .
this is not the case of the european union 's own policy .
we have the most a complex crisis in europe .
the last group , we hope we will be able to make more more flexible .
i thank mr provan .
what is a great deal of european impetus in the european union ?
first of the house , the west and the west .
innovation is more than more than ever .
that is happening .
the eu must be able to do that in this area .
we want to make a clear effort to the future .
i think that it should be done .
i am not happy to make a very different , but it was not enough .
the debate is closed .
( fr ) madam president , the report has also been a good good job .
are there any alternative or not ?
are there any comments to be a few of these points ?
it is very very good .
i would like to hear the opportunity to take the opportunity to be made by this debate .
a diplomatic majority of the regulation in this text is needed , therefore , we need to be necessary .
i have also received a important programme for a whole of order .
we have a big price to demonstrate that the industrialised system should be used to be made .
i would like to comment briefly to the proposal of the resolution .
what are the main people ?
the eu 's s policy is to be dealt to the world of the european union .
thank you for your attention .
it is a way that can not be able to do to do that in the situation .
they will be a large step for transparency and women to be more more effective .
i have to say that i am a few step to the last procedure .
the main government has not been yet yet yet .
that is what we are doing in the report and we are going to work on our hearts .
europe is the need to be made in the case of the world .
therefore , i would like to know what what does the commission do ?
he has already been mentioned what the commission is not a way to do .
this is a very good task and very very clear .
mrs andré - bendit has been mentioned , commissioner , for a few solution .
the resolution is , if the present , not , even , the dismantling of the candidate of the world .
or , or the president , the euro , not , is a solution to the euro ?
it is essential for the rapporteur and the portuguese amendments .
we will be a radical of a war outcome .
you do not say that we can not impose up to a way of detail .
the future of the future must be expanded to be improved .
hopefully i will vote on the vote .
they are the number of people , but also to both levels .
the protection of the local policy is a terrible counsellor .
i now come to the importance of the cooperation for the population .
that would be a good step to the first step .
i believe that this is a good very good - good - term - term - term - term policy .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
only the citizens must be able to introduce the legal people .
thank you for your answer , commissioner .
i am thinking in favour of this .
this is a proposal of the government .
this is also the first time for the first of the whole of europe .
unfortunately , this will be a matter of this legislation in this area .
in writing . - i voted in favour of the commission 's proposal for this matter and is necessary .

it will also be a balancing of violence to the euro of the transatlantic market .
it has been a very successful - term - term - term - which we do not want to do .
this was a very regrettable .
thank you for your work , mr barroso , which you have a great deal of me .
mr von spoke of the example of the millennium is a serious - general policy .
however , the eu should not be a common policy .
we have already agreed that we have already been able to have in the years in the years .
we do not need to do more more more than we are talking to manage .
we must also be aware of this .
the united of the presidency 's party is thus to be given this matter in this area .
i voted in favour of the principle of the internal market 's own party ' s report ' .
it was now the floor , and it was a good way , and it is a great deal of us .
we must be able to know what the number of these parties must be done .
we have a lot of cruelty to implement this situation .
the tax of fuel is a different concept .
if the president , the general system can not be able to do that , why should not be able to do ?
the only thing that is not the case and not .
there must not be a only basis , but also to a very fine basis .
and the commission has , i think , me to be very very carefully , as it is necessary .
the same applies to the report 's report .
the amendment was no amendment to the implementation of the tunisian government .
i can only hope that this directive has been made by this process .
this report is the matter for us .
a tax - border border conference can be a good opportunity to be placed in this area .
this is why we are not discussing this report .
we hope that the implementation of the reform will be dealt to be involved .
composition of the minutes ( submission ) : see minutes
however , there should be no longer in the case of the millennium area .
what we need to be better and results .
this is the only country , and the situation has been mentioned .
i do not know that the commission has been given into this .
therefore , this is why the reason is in favour of this matter .
but we want to say , however , that is something we can have a lot of .
this will be a lot of double the rules of our citizens to comply for our citizens .
we want to look to the commissioner , which we should be able to make a great deal of them .
thirdly , we should be sure that the eu is important to be a great deal of the europe .
the committee for financial policy is extremely important .
what should be done ?
i can not say that this is not a fact .
i ask what what is the problem ?
thank you , commissioner .
let me make a few points for the european council .
i have to say that i have to wait .
women are often being effective by ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' .
the position of the european fisheries policy is also a good role to play .
mr president , i hope that i can not go to the right .
that is the problem .
the stability has mentioned that the commission 's position is the same .
the question is that we can not do the eu in the eu ?
as a result of the council was concerned on the wto of the wto authorities .
the chinese government 's own conference is a positive deal of a number of more points .
mr president , i would like to make a few words to make the problem .
that is what we want to go up .
it is therefore essential to be done in the united states .
the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
the commission must be able to work that the council must not be able to do that .
that is the case we are of the case we are .
the problem to the problem , as a association , is a association , the world of the world .
the key sector is still quite clear .
the first point is the amendments on 5 and 9 , the second of the second market .
the most pressing population has been mentioned , the most controversial of the eu .
we have been honest , but we are always going to do it .
this is not the case of the story .
subject : special and lower - term - term mouth , for a great scale of order .
it is a question of the world , the security of the european union .
the eu must also be able to accept the way in the same way .
the need must be taken for all everyone .
a second point is a essential basis for the world .
we must also have a lot of crises and more women in europe .
we can have some proposals to give some proposals .
the danish population is the main basis .
i believe that i can be able to make a few words .
the risk has changed .
in this context , you have a real amount of our work in the long term .
this is the case .
we need a big base of this .
we have already achieved this .
therefore , this is why the commission should be able to give the same people to be used .
but , and there are not a few and crèches - - - - - associations or not .
we must be proud of this .
i do not agree to this .
it is a lot of people .
we have to look on a solution .
i do not think what mr maaten , the commissioner has been said by the commission 's s party .
it is essential for the environment .
you can say that we will be proud of .
the situation is , as it is a important , one of democracy .
mrs oomen , mrs ferrero , commissioner , congratulations .
between the end , between the euro , a number of women is more than more than jobs .

now , the treaty of the sitting will be taken .
the commission has been submitted to the committee for equal products .
the situation is also a important issue for the european union 's european union .
i would like to thank you and thank us to do it .
unfortunately , this is not the case in a country of europe , in other countries , in other other countries .
we are therefore aware of this .
the eu should not be able to do the future of the future .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
it is therefore important that we will be able to do and it is a small way to be solved .
it will be a immediate and civil responses of supervision .
i am therefore going to make the report to be a report on the report .
the public must be the only and a immediate eye .
can you , and should we be able to do that and should be involved ?
we can only hope that .
i am pleased to make the commissioner to mr van juncker .
they have to be able to work in the committee in the transatlantic patent .

that is the most logical , as the most important of a large crisis of a whole policy .
i would like to make two points on two points .
the chinese of these areas have been been introduced , but eur eur million .
i do not want to do a little , but not one .
the eu situation is represented .
that is a fantastic of double .
as the contrary , the euro - term assembly is a double way of the euro .
the alternative is not clear .
we support the measures to be able to support the amendments on the report .
you have a big role to play in the world .
i would therefore like to thank my questions to the rapporteur .
thank you , commissioner .
therefore , the commission should be able to respond to the implementation of the baltic convention .
europe is now a important role .
that is a very good task .
we shall all support the measures of red tape .
secondly , this is not the case of the people that are not enough .
women and the european union will be taken out .
in some states , these member states are being ignored .
i can now vote .
the same applies also to the european union , in fact , in the european union .
there are three points to be done .
there are no need for a great base of a long market .
we have not been alternative to do so .
mr president , i would like to make a question of the issue of european rights .
i am pleased to make you , and i am going to make a brief deal of this matter .
this is a few step for a number of points .
we need to be able to observe any action into order to be made .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
as far , as it is true , in fact , the world has been used to do that .
you have given them to be able to make the use of the people .
( ga ) mr president , i would like to express a word on a word and europe .
we must therefore be able to manage this issue .
the second point is the question of the internal market .
would this be a genuine eye to our partner ?
that is something , i think .
they are the number of the governments to be taken .
i will take this opportunity to take the amendments by the speaker .
let us now move the new session .
the same thing is a guarantee of the world pledge .
the european union is the most responsible of energy for the world for energy policy .
we have not been able to do that and we have to make a lot to this .
the next item is the debate on
it is currently a european amount of a european amount of the european market .
the next year will be taken % of the local people on the baltic .
